ci: update changeset (#2236)
logto-io/logto: .changeset/README.md

We have a quick list of common questions to get you started engaging with this project in
[our documentation](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/blob/main/docs/common-questions.md)

## Logto publish flow

> For now, changesets only supports tagging packages separately, instead of tagging a "release group". There is an [open issue](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/issues/683) which is still hanging in the air.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
For now, changesets only support tagging packages separately, instead of tagging a "release group". There is an [open issue](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/issues/683) that is still hanging in the air.
```

Author: here "changesets" is a tool name - will update

> For now, changesets only supports tagging packages separately, instead of tagging a "release group". There is an [open issue](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/issues/683) which is still hanging in the air.

Author: ```suggestion
For now, Changesets only supports tagging packages separately, instead of tagging a "release group". There is an [open issue](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/issues/683) that is still hanging in the air.
```

So, we are using our own "grouping" release strategy in this monorepo:

### Core

The release group that includes the Logto core products, which consists of the following packages:

- @logto/console
- @logto/core (main)
- @logto/integration-tests
- @logto/ui

Their version will be in sync, and forms our main release.

### CLI

The release group that includes Logto CLI and its aliases:

- @logto/cli (main)
- @logto/create

### Others

> For simplicity, we will tag other **public** packages separately and publish them to NPM. But in most cases, no GitHub release will present for these packages.

Reviewer: TBH, I didn't get the last part. What do you mean by "no Github release will present for these packages"?

Author: Since CLI is public, we have schemas, phrases public as well
